
You pick up the a 3 documents scattered upon the floor. Each logged with different dates, each going so far as a couple months back since you've arrived here. What document do you read first?

Document 1
 August 16th, 205X
The subjects have arrived, they seem younger than the last but still look capable of handling the procedure. There seems to be a new batch of candidates every other month, with some looking as though they were just dragged right out of there beds in the middle of the night, dazed and wondering where and what they are. That is not my job unfortunately to question their upbringing or what they were before, with us on the cuspis of this research. If everything goes well the data we have discovered the next stage of evolution for humans, bring us ever closer to humanity achieving a greater form.

Document 2 
 June 5th 205X
Something has been going wrong with the tests. The subjects seem to be doing fine with the serum at first, been then weeks later they seem to... change. I cannot explain how, but it is as if they are trapped inside their bodies, only leaving the husk behind and adopting something beyond, something... beastly. We have explained it to the higher ups, but they only seem to ensure us that the process is arduous and that this is the price for our ultimate goal. I cannot fathom what is happening inside their minds, but I pray that it ends soon, and that all this time and effort is worth it.

Document 3
 November 20th 205X
We have successfully contained the monstrosity and are now examining it thoroughly. This is not what I wanted happen, hells I do not even know what I wanted to happen, but to think that this might be the outcome, I... do not wish to continue with this experiment, but unfortunately that is not my decision. many other scientists share my same sentiment as well, but I'm afraid what would happen if we do try to leave, there's now what we'll be able to live normal lives after all of this. We know to much and if this were to get out to the public... no I cannot think about any of that, I must see this through to the end, at any cost.
